Hello, and welcome to this module of Collecting Data on AWS,
the AWS Database Migration Service.
My name is Fernando Medina Corey, and in this module,
we'll look at the AWS DMS service and see how to use it
to migrate our databases into AWS.
First, we'll be looking at what DMS is and some of the basics around it.
These basics will include things like the sources and the targets
that we can use with the Database Migration Service,
as well as what goes on in the background on replication instances and with
replication tasks to move data between a source and a target.
From there,
we'll look at how we could use DMS in combination with Snowball Edge
in order to move our data in substantially large databases from an
on‑premises environment to the AWS cloud.
So now that you know the outline of what we'll be doing in this module, in the next video, let's look at what is AWS DMS.